## Designer

Designer Drag&Drop feature works fine with Chrome Browser but is
broken (at various levels) with other browsers.

## npm libraries issues

Once Ares is  updated with `git` and `git submodule  update`, the node
library must be updated with `npm prune` and then `npm install`.

After several updates,  you may encounter errors with  the server like
start failure  or `project.json`  corruption. In  this case,  `npm ls`
will  return  errors   showing  problems  with  the   content  of  the
`node_modules` directory.

These errors  can be often be  fixed by running `npm  prune`.  If not,
you have to:

* remove the whole `node_modules` directory
* run `git submodule update --init --recursive`
* run `npm -d install`.

## Node-0.8 process.nextTick() - Catching Zalgo

[ENYO-2999: Catch Zalgo in Ares Node.js code (cleanup async/sync callbacks)](https://enyojs.atlassian.net/browse/ENYO-2999)

Ares now uses the process Node.js deferal API, but some libraries Ares
depends   upon   are  not   (yet)   updated   to  use   Node.js   0.10
`setImmediate()` in replacement of `process.nextTick()`.  Node.js 0.10
complains  with the  following  harmless message  in  the Ares  server
console.

	ares WARN home (node) warning: Recursive process.nextTick detected. This will break in the next version of node. Please use setImmediate for recursive deferral.

## PhoneGap Build

[ENYO-3368: Ares automatic download of packages from PhoneGap Build often fails](https://enyojs.atlassian.net/browse/ENYO-3368)

Symptom: The Ares server console contain the following error message & a PhoneGap Built package is not downloaded automatically to `target/phonegap`:

	ares ERR! errorHandler() Error: socket hang up

Workaround: directly download the built package from https://build.phonegap.com

[ENYO-3491 Generated QRcode to download app contains user's authentication token](https://enyojs.atlassian.net/browse/ENYO-3491)

Symptom: Ares Build status show a QRcode containing an URL that can be
used to download an application directly on a mobile device.
Currently, this URL contains the token of the developer's
account. This raises a security issue as the user can then get access
to the developer's account on phonegap until the token is revoked.

Workaround: Use the QRcode generated by Ares only for your tests. Send
the QRcode generated by Phonegap to your users.

## Style are lost on property changes in Designer with Enyo < 2.3.0-pre.5

[ENYO-2998: Style are lost on property changes in Designer with latest enyo version](https://enyojs.atlassian.net/browse/ENYO-2998)

Workaround: update your applications Enyo (and libraries) to 2.3.0-pre.5 or later (_Latest Enyo_ in Ares now > 2.3.0-pre.8)

## Function name collision between ace and state-machine


When ``ace`` is loaded before ``state-machine``, a function name
collision occurs and console will show the following message:

    > dropping module because define wasn't a string. ace.js:1
    > n ace.js:1
    > (anonymous function) state-machine-2.2.0.min.js:1
    > (anonymous function)

``ace`` defines a global ``define`` function (either directly or by loading requirejs) and
``state-machine``
[tests for the existence of this function before using it](https://github.com/jakesgordon/javascript-state-machine/blob/master/state-machine.js#L194) which leads to unexpected result.

The workaround is to load ``state-machine`` before ``ace`` so that ``define`` function is not called by ``state-machine`` in
[Ares index.html](ares/index.html)
